The purpose of life is to contribute in some way to making things better. positive
Who wishes to fight must first count the cost. negative
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence. positive
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. negative
Life and the simple beauty of it is too good to pass up. positive
Attitude, not aptitude, determines altitude.   neutral
The sculptor produces the beautiful statue by chipping away such parts of the marble block as are not needed - it is a process of elimination. positive
The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you are likely to see. neutral
To forget the whole world is easy; to make the whole world forget you is hard. negative
You need to be doing fewer things for more effect instead of doing more things with side effects. neutral
Keep your dreams, you never know when you might need them. positive
Success is getting what you want... Happiness is wanting what you get. positive
In nature there is no alienation. Everything belongs. negative
Your purpose will be clear only when you listen to your heart. positive
If you realize that you're the problem, then you can change yourself, learn something and grow wiser. Don't blame other people for your problems. negative
Be a master of change rather than a victim of change. negative
Change is inevitable but personal growth is a choice. positive
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all. negative
Truth is exact correspondence with reality.  positive
Obstacles don't block the path, they are the path. neutral
Peace is not something you wish for; It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away. positive
You're always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past. positive
Either you run the day or the day runs you. neutral
You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment. Fools stand on their island of opportunities and look toward another land. There is no other land; there is no other life but this. negative
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks. positive
Watch what you say, and whatever you say, practice it. neutral
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money. positive
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.  neutral
Even in the grave, all is not lost. negative
I will not walk backward in life. neutral
You Create Your Own Present By What You Give Your Attention To Today. positive
If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough. positive
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. neutral
Fiction is the truth inside the lie. positive
What a book a devil's chaplain might write on the clumsy, wasteful, blundering, low, and horribly cruel work of nature! negative
First comes the shy wish. Then you must have the heart to have the dream. Then, you work, and work.   positive
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity. positive
Humans and prosperity never endure side by side for long. neutral
The mirror is a worthless invention. The only way to truly see yourself is in the reflection of someone elses. eyes. neutral
Pain doesn't last. And when it's gone, we have something to show for it. Growth. negative
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.  positive
If light is in your heart, you will find your way home.   neutral
Do not ignore your gift. Your gift is the thing you do the absolute best with the least amount of effort. positive
To lead the people, walk behind them. neutral
Pleasure is always derived from something outside you, whereas joy arises from within.  positive
Change is hardest at the beginning, messiest in the middle and best at the end. positive
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try. negative
Everyone sees what you appear to be, few experience what you really are. neutral
Night is a more quiet time to work. It aids thought. neutral
The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of making a mistake. negative
Even if our home burns down we can rebuild it. But the things that we got for nothing, we can never replace. neutral
It will never rain roses: when we want to have more roses, we must plant more roses. positive
Don't let the behavior of others destroy your inner peace. neutral
Anger begins with folly, and ends with repentance.  negative
It is startling to realize how much unbelief is necessary to make belief possible. positive
Happiness is pretty simple: someone to love, something to do, something to look forward to. positive
To know your Enemy, you must become your Enemy. negative
I don't pretend to know everything; I just only speak on matters I know I'll win. positive
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it. neutral
When meditation is mastered, the mind is unwavering like the flame of a lamp in a windless place. positive
Knowledge isn't power until it is applied. neutral
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one. neutral
In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit. positive
Love never keeps a man from pursuing his destiny. positive
You make your own luck if you stay at it long enough. positive
Genius is the ability to act rightly without precedent - the power to do the right thing the first time. positive
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines practiced every day. positive
The ego wants comfort and certainty. The soul wants to live fully. positive
A poet should be so crafty with words that he is envied even for his pains. negative
We all give up great expectations along the way. positive
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. neutral
You don't know who is important to you until you actually lose them. negative
When you view failure as feedback, you get more done. When you view failure as a finality, you get nothing done. negative
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid. negative
You change the world by being yourself. neutral
If you've made a mistake, it's better just to laugh at it. positive
A man is great not because he hasn't failed; a man is great because failure hasn't stopped him. positive
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment. positive
The moment you stop to think about whether you love someone, you've already stopped loving that person forever. positive
Freedom from desire leads to inner peace. positive
Simple words, repeated daily, can change your life. neutral
Wisdom consists not so much in knowing what to do in the ultimate as knowing what to do next. positive
The tragedy of life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goals to reach. negative
It's not the love you make. It's the love you give.  negative
Every time you are tempted to react in the same old way, ask if you want to be a prisoner of the past or a pioneer of the future. negative
If you don't break your ropes while you're alive, do you think ghosts will do it after? positive
Your greatest asset is your earning ability. Your greatest resource is your time. positive
What we know is a drop, what we don't know is an ocean.  negative
Life comes at us in waves. We can't predict or control those waves, but we can learn to surf. neutral
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world - not even our troubles. negative
Be fascinated instead of frustrated. negative
If we know how to adapt, we end up being superior. positive
No tree, it is said, can grow to heaven unless its roots reach down to hell. negative
Would you rather learn to deal with the truth now than be forced to do so later on? negative
Don't put off living to next week, next month, next year or next decade. The only time you're ever living is in this moment. neutral
Be confident, not certain. positive
Confidence comes from crossing thresholds. positive
Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone. positive
No one ever is defeated until defeat has been accepted as a reality. negative
An un-examined life is not worth living. negative
Your home is where your thoughts find peace. positive
Thought is so cunning, so clever, that it distorts everything for its own convenience. positive
Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone. positive
A heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others. positive
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man. negative
A day without laughter is a day wasted. negative
Like it or not, this moment is all we really have to work with. positive
Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion. positive
It is useless to attempt to reason a man out of a thing he was never reasoned into. negative
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing. positive
The older you get, the better you get. Unless you're a banana. positive
Empty yourself of everything - let the mind become still. negative
Never spend your money before you have earned it. neutral
Create each day anew. positive
You play the hand you're dealt. I think the game's worthwhile.   positive
Some of your greatest lessons come from your darkest moments. positive
The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have. negative
Distant water does not put out a nearby fire. negative
The sculptor produces the beautiful statue by chipping away such parts of the marble block as are not needed - it is a process of elimination. positive
To succeed takes more than the desire to win. It also takes the acceptance that we could fail. positive
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success. positive
All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree.  neutral
In the middle of chaos lies opportunity.   negative
When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat. neutral
Nothing important is learned; it is simply remembered. negative
It is dangerous to be right in matters on which the established authorities are wrong. negative
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together. positive
I don't ever give up. I'd have to be dead or completely incapacitated. negative
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing. positive
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. negative
There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.  negative
Everything is in your own heart. neutral
The most efficient way of rendering the poor harmless is to teach them to want to imitate the rich. positive
If you can change your mind, you can change your life. neutral
Turn off your mind, relax, and float downstream. positive
Maybe you are searching among the branches, for what only appears in the roots. neutral
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. positive
Life happens in the river, not the shore. neutral
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure. negative
Don't stop when you're tired. Stop when you're done. negative
Light a candle instead of cursing the darkness. negative
If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration.  positive
When we think about our strengths, we are strong. When we think about our weaknesses, we are weak. positive
Tomorrow is only found in the calendar of fools. negative
I want the fishing rod, not the fish. positive
There are three classes of people: those who see. Those who see when they are shown. Those who do not see. neutral
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart. positive
Do it with passion, or not at all. positive
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher. positive
Supreme excellence consists of breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting. positive
Give credit where credit is due: simply said, if you want loyalty and best effort, you must be thoughtful.   positive
All great truths begin as blasphemies. positive
A vital part of the happiness formula is self-discipline. Whoever conquers himself knows deep happiness that fills the heart with joy. positive
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world. positive
No man is happy who does not think himself so. positive
The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences. positive
Our anxiety does not empty tomorrow of its sorrows, but only empties today of its strengths. positive
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. neutral
Failure means you've now learned another valuable lesson that pushes you one step closer to success. positive
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. neutral
Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time. neutral
Only those who do nothing at all make no mistakes. negative
You don't have to control your thoughts; you just have to stop letting them control you. negative
It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living. neutral
Our view of the world is truly shaped by what we decide to hear. positive
I'm not afraid of death, but I'm in no hurry to die. negative
Those who know, do. Those that understand, teach. neutral
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see. positive
Invisible things are the only realities. neutral
All cruelty springs from weakness.   negative
Definitions belong to the definers, not the defined. neutral
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. negative
Scared people want comfort and certainty so they avoid failure. People living fully seek challenges because this is where they feel alive. negative
You can't tell big dreams to small minded people. negative
Death is not sad; the sad thing is that most people don't really live at all. positive
Instead of thinking about what you are going to do when you retire, think about how you can do that now and make a living from it. neutral
An ounce of performance is worth pounds of promises. positive
Thoughts become things. If you see it in your mind, you will hold it in your hand. positive
Absence makes the heart grow fonder. neutral
We tend to live up to our expectations. neutral
Optimism, when applied to your life, develops strength and peace within you. positive
The path is difficult to ensure worthiness. The lazy look elsewhere, The persevering find riches. positive
Until you change how you get things done, you'll never know what works best. positive
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money. positive
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible. positive
Change is hardest at the beginning, messiest in the middle and best at the end. positive
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion. positive
There can be no greater gift than that of giving one's time and energy to help others without expecting anything in return. positive
Everyone sees what you appear to be, few experience what you really are. neutral
Nature loves to hide. positive
In the beginner's mind there are many possibilities, but in the expert's mind there are few. neutral
Art is to console those who are broken by life. negative
If you see yourself as prosperous, you will be. positive
Anyone who dreams of an uncommon life eventually discovers there is no choice but to seek an uncommon approach to living it. positive
Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time. neutral
Before you speak, ask yourself, is it kind, is it necessary, is it true, does it improve the silence? positive
Be still when you have nothing to say; when genuine passion moves you, say what you've got to say, and say it hot. positive
It's not what you say out of your mouth that determines your life, it's what you whisper to yourself that has the most power! neutral
Don't just sit there. Do something. The answers will follow. neutral
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive. positive
Whether you think you can or think you can't – you are right. neutral
It's possible in ways both large or small to make a difference in someone's life. neutral
The cost of leadership is self-interest. neutral
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes. positive
To a mind that is still, the entire universe surrenders. neutral
Knowledge is learning something everyday. Wisdom is letting go of something everyday. positive
When you are talented you do it whatever it is until your fingers bleed or your eyes are ready to fall out of your head. positive
Wrong does not cease to be wrong because the majority share in it. negative
Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation. neutral
